easy money easy money that's what Adrien
Broner thinks about Floyd Mayweather's
next fight eqing find news here what up
guys so this is what Adrien Broner had
to say about floyd mayweather vs canelo
alvarez easy money man that's my big
brother can I was a hell of a fighter I
take nothing from Canelo but Floyd is
going to make that fight look easier
than what the papers say and the papers
say floyd still a favor he's around a
three-to-one exactly on on the book on
the bookmakers that I you know that's my
clientele that's what I work with but by
decision he's minus 1 88 that's the
lowest we've seen Floyd Mayweather by
decision in it and a hell of a long time
and that's betting opportunity if you're
interested but regarding a Adrien Broner
he thinks that's that's a good bet
clearly um you know Adrien Broner he's
pretty tight with Floyd Mayweather so
it's no surprise that he's backing Floyd
here however you know he is it also a
defensive mastermind he he's the only
other guy to fully handle the Philly
shell uh to the degree of Mayweather and
you know what it's it's like a
mayweather like his defense is not its
you could called me with her ass but
it's not the same thing you know Adrien
Broner uh uh uses his defenses set up
his often smush like bronner but he's
setting up big shots so any setting up
jabs right so in his defensive shell
he's working differently to set up big
shots while Mayweather it at times he's
just looking at tire his opponent out
he's looking to make him miss and and do
quick Congress and Adrien Broner really
has to learn a little bit from his big
bro because he was getting tattooed a
little bit
it's pauly but that's a whole another
note where movement did give him
problems but regarding this fight I
think the same thing with Canelo
movement will give him problems you know
when Austin trouble is moving and
sticking a job and throwing combinations
he had issues he was losing rounds and
he allowed for Austin trout to help
punch him so Mayweather definitely has
the skills to make it look easy so on
that note you know we can agree with
Adrian broader however you know he's got
one punch power that Canelo and you
never know when that won't punch just my
land so you know he's always got that
shot and he's also an intelligent
fighter himself so you know no surprise
here Adrian bar does like Floyd
Mayweather to win quite easy and on a
separate note I'll let you know what he
thinks about Marcos Maidana sorry not my
Donna cuz he already thing's gonna fuck
up my dog but Danny Garcia person d say
he said that's pretty much a fifty-fifty
fight so let me know you guys think it
is what it is p so take care